docs: document constraint match.source (#3291)
open-policy-agent/gatekeeper: website/docs/expansion.md

also be used to define different enforcement actions for expanded resources and
original resources.

> For example, suppose a cluster has a policy that requires all ["naked" pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/overview/#naked-pods-vs-replicasets-deployments-and-jobs) to be denied, but allows them to be created as a workload resource, such as `Deployment`. A user could create a `Constraint` that only targets original resources, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, suppose a cluster has a policy that blocks all [standalone pods](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/overview/#naked-pods-vs-replicasets-deployments-and-jobs), but allows them to be created as part of a workload resource, such as `Deployment`. A user could create a `Constraint` that only targets original resources, like so:
```

Reviewer: I know k8s docs mention naked pods, but lets call it standalone :)

```yaml
apiVersion: constraints.gatekeeper.sh/v1beta1

> kind: block-naked-pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: block-standalone-pods
```
